yes only the same ones just come
gladiolus dahlia lilies they are still in
a state of deep rest that is what
deepest state of peace most
preferred to buy because
you this onion
you can keep it very long
let's see what it consists of
gladiolus bulbs are a sort of siren
By the way, this is collectible gladioli
Russian gladioli are very, very
good quality need to see all
peel the onion
it is made from preventative
considerations so suddenly if you
find some disease
so that it can be healed but we see
that the bulb is in excellent condition and
the most important thing when you buy
see Donets in this case Donets
net there is no hint that
this bulb ate thrips when the bulbs county
ip100 on the bottom there are such dots sores
often happens you bought a bulb she already
beginning to grow what do we lower
temperature up to 2 degrees and in at such
temperature by light we store and
jostling right up to the landing
still a frequent question is it possible onion
gladiolus split so what happened
2 actually yes if we see in
In this case, this bulb has two buds.
that is, if we divide in the middle then
we will get 2 flowers but better not
do explain why when we share we
cut the onion opens the cloth a
this is the gate of infection
then this can penetrate
a disease that will cope very very
difficult and again we cut not now
cut and about a week before
by landing
so that the wound has time to drag on
if the bulb is flabby then this is gladiolus
bad onion must all be solid
resilient here when not knocking there now
sales and collection gladioli
and markets gladiolus or this year
there will not be much price tags yet
rose and look at what
state is now in this
case got the beach this is asian terry
what condition is he in
that is, almost not yet
even sprout they are able to deep
rest that's what exactly you are so easy
save and right up to the landing and
dahlias dahlias are now about 70 varieties
often the question is here bought
dahlias they are no such here
hang on them by the way here he became and how
as if they were not really alive
they are alive when only they
start to grow
these tissues are filled with water they
become elastic and dahlia
wakes up dahlia point rostov
several growth points if we
look closer
then here is this sprout where is it from
it grew here it is a stick she is his one here
are the most sinuses are growth buds
dahlia is very very easy to share
their landing time you will have instead
one unit of planting material
three